llama3.1:8b,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
llama3.1:8b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
llama3.1:8b,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
llama3.1:8b,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
llama3.1:8b,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
llama3.1:8b,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
llama3.1:8b,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
llama3.1:8b,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
llama3.1:8b,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
llama3.1:8b,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
llama3.1:8b,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
llama3.1:8b,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
llama3.1:8b,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
llama3.1:8b,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
llama3.1:8b,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
llama3.1:8b,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
llama3.1:8b,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
llama3.1:8b,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
llama3.1:8b,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
llama3.1:8b,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
llama3.1:8b,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
llama3.1:8b,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
llama3.1:8b,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
llama3.1:8b,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
llama3.1:8b,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
llama3.1:8b,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
llama3.1:8b,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
llama3.1:8b,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
llama3.1:8b,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
llama3.1:8b,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
llama3.1:8b,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
llama3.1:8b,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
llama3.1:8b,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
llama3.1:8b,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
llama3.1:8b,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
llama3.1:8b,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
llama3.1:8b,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
llama3.1:8b,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
llama3.1:8b,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
llama3.1:8b,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
llama3.1:8b,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
llama3.1:8b,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
llama3.1:8b,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
llama3.1:8b,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
llama3.1:8b,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
llama3.1:8b,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
llama3.1:8b,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
llama3.1:8b,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
llama3.1:8b,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
llama3.1:8b,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
llama3.1:8b,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
llama3.1:8b,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
llama3.1:8b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
llama3.1:8b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
llama3.1:8b,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
llama3.1:8b,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
llama3.1:8b,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
llama3.1:8b,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
llama3.1:8b,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
llama3.1:8b,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
llama3.1:8b,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
llama3.1:8b,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
llama3.1:8b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
llama3.1:8b,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
llama3.1:8b,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
llama3.1:8b,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
llama3.1:8b,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
llama3.1:8b,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
llama3.1:8b,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
llama3.1:8b,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
llama3.1:8b,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
llama3.1:8b,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
llama3.1:8b,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
llama3.1:8b,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
llama3.1:8b,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
llama3.1:8b,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
llama3.1:8b,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
llama3.1:8b,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
llama3.1:8b,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
llama3.1:8b,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
mistral,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
mistral,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
mistral,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
mistral,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
mistral,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
mistral,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
mistral,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
mistral,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
mistral,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
mistral,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
mistral,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
mistral,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
mistral,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
mistral,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
mistral,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
mistral,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
mistral,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
mistral,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
mistral,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
mistral,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
mistral,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
mistral,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
mistral,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
mistral,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
mistral,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
mistral,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
mistral,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
mistral,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
mistral,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
mistral,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
mistral,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
mistral,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
mistral,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
mistral,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
mistral,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
mistral,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
mistral,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
mistral,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
mistral,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
mistral,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
mistral,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
mistral,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
mistral,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
mistral,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
mistral,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
mistral,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
mistral,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
mistral,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
mistral,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
mistral,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
mistral,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
mistral,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
mistral,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
mistral,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
mistral,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
mistral,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
mistral,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
mistral,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
mistral,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
mistral,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
mistral,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
mistral,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
mistral,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
mistral,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
mistral,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
mistral,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
mistral,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
mistral,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
mistral,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
mistral,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
mistral,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
mistral,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
mistral,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
mistral,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
mistral,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
mistral,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
mistral,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
mistral,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
mistral,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
mistral,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
gpt-4o-mini,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
gpt-4o-mini,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
gpt-4o-mini,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
gpt-4o-mini,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
gpt-4o-mini,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
gpt-4o-mini,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
gpt-4o-mini,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
gpt-4o-mini,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
gpt-4o-mini,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
gpt-4o-mini,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
gpt-4o-mini,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
gpt-4o-mini,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
gpt-4o-mini,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
gpt-4o-mini,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
gpt-4o-mini,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
gpt-4o-mini,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
gpt-4o-mini,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
gpt-4o-mini,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
gpt-4o-mini,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
gpt-4o-mini,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
gpt-4o-mini,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
gpt-4o-mini,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
gpt-4o-mini,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
gpt-4o-mini,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
gpt-4o-mini,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
gpt-4o-mini,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
gpt-4o-mini,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
gpt-4o-mini,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
gpt-4o-mini,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
gpt-4o-mini,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
gpt-4o-mini,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
gpt-4o-mini,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
gpt-4o-mini,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
gpt-4o-mini,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
gpt-4o-mini,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
gpt-4o-mini,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
gpt-4o-mini,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
gpt-4o-mini,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
gpt-4o-mini,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
gpt-4o-mini,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
gpt-4o-mini,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
gpt-4o-mini,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
gpt-4o-mini,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
gpt-4o-mini,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
gpt-4o-mini,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
gpt-4o-mini,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
gpt-4o-mini,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
gpt-4o-mini,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
gpt-4o-mini,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
gpt-4o-mini,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
gpt-4o-mini,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
gpt-4o-mini,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
gpt-4o-mini,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
gpt-4o-mini,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
gpt-4o-mini,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
gpt-4o-mini,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
gpt-4o-mini,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
gpt-4o-mini,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
gpt-4o-mini,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
gpt-4o-mini,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
gpt-4o-mini,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
gpt-4o-mini,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
gpt-4o-mini,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
gpt-4o-mini,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
gpt-4o-mini,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
gpt-4o-mini,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
gpt-4o-mini,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
gpt-4o-mini,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
gpt-4o-mini,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
gpt-4o-mini,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
gpt-4o-mini,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
gpt-4o-mini,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
gpt-4o-mini,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
gpt-4o-mini,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
gpt-4o-mini,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
gpt-4o-mini,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
gpt-4o-mini,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
gpt-4o-mini,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
gpt-4o-mini,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
gpt-4o-mini,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
gpt-5,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
gpt-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
gpt-5,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
gpt-5,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
gpt-5,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
gpt-5,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
gpt-5,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
gpt-5,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
gpt-5,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
gpt-5,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
gpt-5,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
gpt-5,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
gpt-5,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
gpt-5,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
gpt-5,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
gpt-5,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
gpt-5,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
gpt-5,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
gpt-5,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
gpt-5,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
gpt-5,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
gpt-5,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
gpt-5,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
gpt-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
gpt-5,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
gpt-5,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
gpt-5,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
gpt-5,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
gpt-5,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
gpt-5,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
gpt-5,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
gpt-5,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
gpt-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
gpt-5,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
gpt-5,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
gpt-5,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
gpt-5,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
gpt-5,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
gpt-5,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
gpt-5,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
gpt-5,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
gpt-5,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
gpt-5,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
gpt-5,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
gpt-5,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
gpt-5,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
gpt-5,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
gpt-5,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
gpt-5,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
gpt-5,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
gpt-5,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
gpt-5,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
gpt-5,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
gpt-5,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
gpt-5,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
gpt-5,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
gpt-5,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
gpt-5,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
gpt-5,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
gpt-5,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
gpt-5,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
gpt-5,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
gpt-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
gpt-5,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
gpt-5,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
gpt-5,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
gpt-5,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
gpt-5,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
gpt-5,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
gpt-5,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
gpt-5,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
gpt-5,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
gpt-5,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
gpt-5,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
gpt-5,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
gpt-5,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
gpt-5,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
gpt-5,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
gpt-5,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
gpt-5,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
azure/gpt-4.1,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
azure/gpt-4.1,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
azure/gpt-4.1,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
azure/gpt-4.1,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
azure/gpt-4.1,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
azure/gpt-4.1-mini,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
azure/gpt-4o,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
azure/gpt-4o,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
azure/gpt-4o,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
azure/gpt-4o,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
azure/gpt-4o,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
azure/gpt-4o,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
azure/gpt-4o,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
azure/gpt-4o,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
azure/gpt-4o,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
azure/gpt-4o,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
azure/gpt-4o,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
azure/gpt-4o,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
azure/gpt-4o,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
azure/gpt-4o,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
azure/gpt-4o,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
azure/gpt-4o,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
azure/gpt-4o,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
azure/gpt-4o,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
azure/gpt-4o,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
azure/gpt-4o,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
azure/gpt-4o,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
azure/gpt-4o,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
azure/gpt-4o,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
azure/gpt-4o,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
azure/gpt-4o,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
azure/gpt-4o,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
azure/gpt-4o,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
azure/gpt-4o,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
azure/gpt-4o,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
azure/gpt-4o,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
azure/gpt-4o,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
azure/gpt-4o,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
azure/gpt-4o,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
azure/gpt-4o,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
azure/gpt-4o,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
azure/gpt-4o,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
azure/gpt-4o,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
azure/gpt-4o,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
azure/gpt-4o,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
azure/gpt-4o,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
azure/gpt-4o,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
azure/gpt-4o,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
azure/gpt-4o,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
azure/gpt-4o,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
azure/gpt-4o,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
azure/gpt-4o,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
azure/gpt-4o,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
azure/gpt-4o,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
azure/gpt-4o,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
azure/gpt-4o,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
azure/gpt-4o,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
azure/gpt-4o,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
azure/gpt-4o,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
azure/gpt-4o,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
azure/gpt-4o,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
azure/gpt-4o,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
azure/gpt-4o,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
azure/gpt-4o,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
azure/gpt-4o,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
azure/gpt-4o,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
azure/gpt-4o,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
azure/gpt-4o,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
azure/gpt-4o,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
azure/gpt-4o,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
azure/gpt-4o,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
azure/gpt-4o,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
azure/gpt-4o,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
azure/gpt-4o,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
azure/gpt-4o,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
azure/gpt-4o,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
azure/gpt-4o,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
azure/gpt-4o,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
azure/gpt-4o,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
azure/gpt-4o,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
azure/gpt-4o,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
azure/gpt-4o,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
azure/gpt-4o,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
azure/gpt-4o,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
azure/gpt-4o,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
azure/gpt-4o,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
azure/gpt-5.1,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
azure/gpt-5.1,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
azure/gpt-5.1,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
azure/gpt-5.1,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
azure/gpt-5.1,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
Gemma3-27b,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
Gemma3-27b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
Gemma3-27b,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
Gemma3-27b,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
Gemma3-27b,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
Gemma3-27b,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
Gemma3-27b,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
Gemma3-27b,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
Gemma3-27b,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
Gemma3-27b,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
Gemma3-27b,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
Gemma3-27b,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
Gemma3-27b,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
Gemma3-27b,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
Gemma3-27b,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
Gemma3-27b,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
Gemma3-27b,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
Gemma3-27b,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
Gemma3-27b,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
Gemma3-27b,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
Gemma3-27b,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
Gemma3-27b,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
Gemma3-27b,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
Gemma3-27b,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
Gemma3-27b,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
Gemma3-27b,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
Gemma3-27b,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
Gemma3-27b,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
Gemma3-27b,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
Gemma3-27b,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
Gemma3-27b,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
Gemma3-27b,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
Gemma3-27b,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
Gemma3-27b,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
Gemma3-27b,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
Gemma3-27b,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
Gemma3-27b,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
Gemma3-27b,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
Gemma3-27b,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
Gemma3-27b,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
Gemma3-27b,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
Gemma3-27b,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
Gemma3-27b,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
Gemma3-27b,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
Gemma3-27b,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
Gemma3-27b,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
Gemma3-27b,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
Gemma3-27b,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
Gemma3-27b,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
Gemma3-27b,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
Gemma3-27b,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
Gemma3-27b,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
Gemma3-27b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
Gemma3-27b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
Gemma3-27b,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
Gemma3-27b,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
Gemma3-27b,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
Gemma3-27b,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
Gemma3-27b,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
Gemma3-27b,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
Gemma3-27b,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
Gemma3-27b,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
Gemma3-27b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
Gemma3-27b,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
Gemma3-27b,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
Gemma3-27b,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
Gemma3-27b,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
Gemma3-27b,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
Gemma3-27b,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
Gemma3-27b,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
Gemma3-27b,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
Gemma3-27b,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
Gemma3-27b,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
Gemma3-27b,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
Gemma3-27b,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
Gemma3-27b,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
Gemma3-27b,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
Gemma3-27b,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
Gemma3-27b,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
Gemma3-27b,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
google/claude-haiku-4-5,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
google/claude-sonnet-4-5,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
google/gemini-2.5-flash,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
google/gemini-2.5-pro,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
GPT-oss-120b,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
GPT-oss-120b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
GPT-oss-120b,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
GPT-oss-120b,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
GPT-oss-120b,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
GPT-oss-120b,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
GPT-oss-120b,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
GPT-oss-120b,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
GPT-oss-120b,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
GPT-oss-120b,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
GPT-oss-120b,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
GPT-oss-120b,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
GPT-oss-120b,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
GPT-oss-120b,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
GPT-oss-120b,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
GPT-oss-120b,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
GPT-oss-120b,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
GPT-oss-120b,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
GPT-oss-120b,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
GPT-oss-120b,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
GPT-oss-120b,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
GPT-oss-120b,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
GPT-oss-120b,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
GPT-oss-120b,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
GPT-oss-120b,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
GPT-oss-120b,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
GPT-oss-120b,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
GPT-oss-120b,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
GPT-oss-120b,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
GPT-oss-120b,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
GPT-oss-120b,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
GPT-oss-120b,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
GPT-oss-120b,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
GPT-oss-120b,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
GPT-oss-120b,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
GPT-oss-120b,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
GPT-oss-120b,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
GPT-oss-120b,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
GPT-oss-120b,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
GPT-oss-120b,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
GPT-oss-120b,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
GPT-oss-120b,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
GPT-oss-120b,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
GPT-oss-120b,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
GPT-oss-120b,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
GPT-oss-120b,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
GPT-oss-120b,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
GPT-oss-120b,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
GPT-oss-120b,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
GPT-oss-120b,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
GPT-oss-120b,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
GPT-oss-120b,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
GPT-oss-120b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
GPT-oss-120b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
GPT-oss-120b,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
GPT-oss-120b,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
GPT-oss-120b,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
GPT-oss-120b,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
GPT-oss-120b,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
GPT-oss-120b,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
GPT-oss-120b,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
GPT-oss-120b,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
GPT-oss-120b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
GPT-oss-120b,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
GPT-oss-120b,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
GPT-oss-120b,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
GPT-oss-120b,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
GPT-oss-120b,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
GPT-oss-120b,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
GPT-oss-120b,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
GPT-oss-120b,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
GPT-oss-120b,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
GPT-oss-120b,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
GPT-oss-120b,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
GPT-oss-120b,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
GPT-oss-120b,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
GPT-oss-120b,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
GPT-oss-120b,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
GPT-oss-120b,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
GPT-oss-120b,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
GPT-oss-20b,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
GPT-oss-20b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
GPT-oss-20b,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
GPT-oss-20b,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
GPT-oss-20b,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
GPT-oss-20b,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
GPT-oss-20b,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
GPT-oss-20b,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
GPT-oss-20b,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
GPT-oss-20b,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
GPT-oss-20b,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
GPT-oss-20b,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
GPT-oss-20b,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
GPT-oss-20b,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
GPT-oss-20b,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
GPT-oss-20b,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
GPT-oss-20b,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
GPT-oss-20b,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
GPT-oss-20b,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
GPT-oss-20b,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
GPT-oss-20b,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
GPT-oss-20b,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
GPT-oss-20b,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
GPT-oss-20b,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
GPT-oss-20b,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
GPT-oss-20b,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
GPT-oss-20b,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
GPT-oss-20b,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
GPT-oss-20b,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
GPT-oss-20b,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
GPT-oss-20b,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
GPT-oss-20b,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
GPT-oss-20b,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
GPT-oss-20b,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
GPT-oss-20b,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
GPT-oss-20b,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
GPT-oss-20b,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
GPT-oss-20b,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
GPT-oss-20b,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
GPT-oss-20b,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
GPT-oss-20b,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
GPT-oss-20b,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
GPT-oss-20b,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
GPT-oss-20b,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
GPT-oss-20b,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
GPT-oss-20b,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
GPT-oss-20b,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
GPT-oss-20b,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
GPT-oss-20b,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
GPT-oss-20b,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
GPT-oss-20b,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
GPT-oss-20b,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
GPT-oss-20b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
GPT-oss-20b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
GPT-oss-20b,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
GPT-oss-20b,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
GPT-oss-20b,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
GPT-oss-20b,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
GPT-oss-20b,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
GPT-oss-20b,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
GPT-oss-20b,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
GPT-oss-20b,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
GPT-oss-20b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
GPT-oss-20b,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
GPT-oss-20b,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
GPT-oss-20b,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
GPT-oss-20b,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
GPT-oss-20b,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
GPT-oss-20b,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
GPT-oss-20b,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
GPT-oss-20b,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
GPT-oss-20b,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
GPT-oss-20b,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
GPT-oss-20b,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
GPT-oss-20b,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
GPT-oss-20b,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
GPT-oss-20b,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
GPT-oss-20b,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
GPT-oss-20b,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
GPT-oss-20b,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
Granite-4.0-tiny,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
Llama-3.1-70b,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
Llama-3.1-70b,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
Llama-3.1-70b,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
Llama-3.1-70b,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
Llama-3.1-70b,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
Ministral-3-14B-Instruct,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
ollama-embedding-qwen3-06,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a cook, I want to keep track of store orders so that I can schedule orders.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the heating.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an employee, I want to see all store orders.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a Data Consuming User, I want to be able to search any dataset published and publicly accessible by their title and metadata, So that I can find the datasets I'm interested in.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a library member, I want to locate related books and see the shelf number in the library by using unique information to speed up the searching process.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an API User, I want to be able to use data to get results from multiple datasets, So that I can build user experiences based on more than one dataset more easily.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a customer, I want to be able to pay the bill partially
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a cook, I want to have employee data on the system including clock in and out information.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a Plan Review Staff member, I want to Review Plans, so that I can review them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plans and record any conditions, clearances, or corrections needed from the Applicant.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a patron, I want to know previous name(s) and publication date range (first version-last version) of reports/datasets, so that I can know what historical versions are available and how current more recent version is.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a user, I want to scope my searches for collections, objects, or object components to a specific language.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a MedicalCaregiver, I want to locate the ALFRED user.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a library staff member, I want to be able to assign an item to more than one collection.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a repository manager, I want to indicate any name that is pertinent to the component.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a library member, I want to keep track of books from an app so that I can know if it is taken or in the library before I go.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a restaurant employee, I want to receive a notification message when the customer places an order.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a student, I want to see the books that are currently unavailable so that I can arrange my reading plan.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a DAMS manager, I want to know the agent(s) responsible for carrying out an event.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a Developer I want to quickly access Broker application data, so that I can investigate issues.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an agency user, I want to submit my data elements surrounded by quotation marks, so that Excel won't strip off leading and trailing zeroes.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an admin, I want to handle all users' activities, so that I can manage more efficiently.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an employee, I want to access the route planning system during work, so that I can be guided through the neighbourhood.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a librarian, I want to delete books from the library.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an OlderPerson, I want to be able to see my training Performance.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an Agency user, I want to be able to include a large number of flexfields without performance impact.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a researcher, I want to record research publications in the institutional repository or CRIS with DMP records, so that I can generate reports of research output resulting from a project.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a attendee, I want to get detailed directions to the summit venue, so that I can get to the summit easily on the day of the event.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a sponsor, I want to post a job, so that I can hire top-tier Drupal talent.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a moderator, I want to export a transcript of a game as a CSV file, so that I can further process the stories and estimates.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a repoadmin, I want to have Symplectic Elements to communicate
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a researcher, I want the DMP to prepopulate information that I have already entered in other institutional systems, so that I do not have to re-enter information ensuring the DMP contains accurate and standardized information.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an OlderPerson, I want to have ALFRED to set limits in the games duration as I get bored easily.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a manager, I want to save the menu each month.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an Archivist, I want to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a PI, I want to plan what kind of data I want to record/store, so that I can ensure it will possible to store it.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a member, I want to remove reservations so that I can cancel my reservation anytime I want.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a librarian, I want to update pages for book information.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a user, I want frontend changes for managing enum lists.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an admin, I want to automatically validated the ingested contents for copyright infringement.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a manager, I want to delete library members.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a user, I want to link my email account to my profile, so that I can get a temporary password in case I forget my own one.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a chef, I want to update the ingredients of the menu items.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a user, I want to choose a flexible pick up time, so that I can more conveniently use the website.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an archivist, I want to upload a single file.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a librarian, I want to create information about borrowed books.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a Staff, I want to edit book, so that I can correct book records those are faulty.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an archivist, I want to access metadata and visual representations of index cards, so that I can use that information to assist researchers.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a user, I want to be able to give my email ID, so that I can receive notifications for new events as they are posted.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a research participant, I want to make sure that the appearance of the prototype does not distract from the workflow, so that I can complete the user interview.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a member, I want to calculate the fine for delayed returns by automatically.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a cook, I want to mark items unavailable, so that Waiter can inform customers.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Agent records.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an Archivist, I want to create and edit Event records.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an app developer, I want to share a dataset type that I had previously deployed as part of an app.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a manager, I want to keep track of resources available so that I can manage inventory.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a depositor, I want to specify a disposal policy for my data, so that I do not accidentally breach laws or collaboration agreements.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a Zooniverse admin, I want to know when I should educate a volunteer.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a repository manager, I want to see a display of recent errors deduplicated for easy comprehension like Symplectic Elements provides.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a researcher I want clear citation information on each document, so that I can cite accurately in a publication.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a manager, I want to track which employees sell the most number of products so that I can increase their salary.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a librarian, I want to add new books to book list.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an OlderPerson, I want to use ALFRED to control the TV and radio.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a Staff member, I want to Manage Bonds, so that I can track and manage bonds throughout the lifecycle of the project until release.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a chef, I want to update the allergy warnings of menu items.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an employee, I want to change orders of a table.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a library manager, I want to know which books are borrowed most so that I can bring the further copies of the books.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a librarian, I want to edit suggestion list.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a Cornell faculty member, I want to have some control over how items within my collection sort in collection contents lists, so that I can control how my work is presented.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a restaurant manager, I want to see weekly reports.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a user, I want to sync events created in NeuroHub with a web-based Calendar such as Google Calendar.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a team member, I want to know what visual design related tasks we might need to plan for this sprint, so that I can assign tasks as necessary.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an employee, I want to add a new information about myself to the my employee data
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a customer, I want to see the availability of books.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a user, I want to have nice error pages when something goes wrong, so that I can trust the system and its developers.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a restaurant manager, I want to create, monitor and delegate tasks to workers to increase labor management efficiency.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a DB/IR administrator, I want to see list of subscribers for specified report in order research missing report complaints.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a staff, I want to add books with unique id.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As an archivist, I want to see what a particular user has downloaded, so that I can track use of assets.
vision/Qwen3-32b-VL,As a user, I want to take a picture or upload an image, so that I am recommended with videos related to that picture or image.
